=Generation to Generation=
=Episode 11=
Looks like Master You
can't clear your name this time.
My foster father devoted himself
to bringing the Mu Clan
back to the Li Sect.
He'd die for it without regret.
I have been shaped by
my foster father's words
since childhood.
Always place the Mu Clan above all else.
After my foster father
was betrayed by that traitor Nie Zhe,
I endured humiliation and hardship,
and tangled with scum like
Yu Huiyin and Xiong Qianjin.
All to wait for Mr. Mu's return.
Unexpectedly,
heaven is just,
and Mr. Mu, you're safe and sound.
Now foster father
can finally rest in peace.
Last night, I heard
someone threw
Elder Qiu's memorial tablet
off the cliff.
It must be that scoundrel Li Yi's doing.
I never thought,
he'd commit such a despicable,
unforgivable act.
Mr. Mu,
you should've killed him right then.
Torn him limb from limb.
Enough.
Get up.
Mr. Mu.
You Guanyue,
you know the last person
who came within three steps of me?
Their grave's already overgrown.
I'm utterly loyal to you, Mr. Mu.
Heaven and Earth can bear witness.
If you have any use for me,
I will surely
serve you with all my heart,
even unto death.
Very well.
Then I'll be counting on
your talents from now on, Mr. You.
Have some tea.
Thank you, Mr. Mu.
I've called you all here tonight
because calamity looms,
and my future grows uncertain.
I know you're all loyal,
but I can't bear to
drag you down with me.
After much thought,
I've decided to divide all my savings
among every single one of you.
Take care, everyone.
Master You, what's happening?
Chief failed to ambush
the Six Sects of Beichen
and fled in defeat.
In a fury and shame,
he actually...
He ordered every altar to
capture innocent villagers
to refine corpse slaves.
- What?
- Corpse slaves?
The art of refining a corpse slave
is utterly vicious.
If he dares do this,
I'm afraid Heaven itself
will strike us down.
Besides, if corpse slaves
return to the world,
all Jianghu sects
will rise up against us.
By then,
there will surely be another bloodbath.
I can't bear to let my brothers
die with me.
After you take this gold and silver,
just make your plans for the future.
Plans?
We, the old followers of Elder Qiu,
have long been a thorn
in the Chief's side.
If we're attacked,
we'll be the first
to be thrown to the wolves.
Years ago,
the former Chief Nie Hengcheng
refined these corpse slaves
and throw everyone into panic.
Half the sect are casualties.
And now,
are we doomed to
repeat the same mistake?
Those corpse slaves, that unnatural filth,
were the Nie clan's doing
to eliminate their enemies.
Sadly, none within the sect
could restrain the Nie clan.
If Mr. Mu were still here...
If Mr. Mu were alive,
he'd never let the Chief
run amok like this!
Don't call him Chief.
That whole family
are traitors who stole
the Mu clan's legacy!
It's a pity Mr. Mu vanished long ago.
Seems you all still hold
the Mu clan in high regard.
If
the Young Master returns safely,
what will you do?
You Guanyue,
Master of Qinglong Altar,
bows to welcome Mr. Mu's return.
W... What?
Young Master.
The Founder of Mu clan
founded the Li Sect
to detach from worldly affairs
and have disciples aid one another
and share honor and disgrace.
But now, Nie Zhe
acts against all principles.
He's cruel and without virtue,
ignoring the lives of fellow disciples
and throwing the Li Sect into trouble.
The Mu clan
will never stand by!
Those who do not wish to follow Mr. Mu
may take the gold and leave on your own.
Mr. Mu will not hold it against you.
Th... this…
My foster father's
death anniversary is near.
Looks like Nie Zhe
is about to start another purge.
Wipe out the traitor Nie
and restore the Mu clan!
He surrendered that fast?
Looks like Mu Qingyan
truly has some clever tactics.
Seize that girl named Xing.
I'll have big use for her soon.
Yes.
You Guanyue has always been
a smooth operator,
currying favor with everyone.
His surrender isn't surprising.
But why would the others
throw their lives away?
Fengge.
What do you think of Mu Qingyan?
I can't see through him.
When Mu Zhengming was still alive,
he was just a young man.
Every day he only read books
and grew flowers,
seeming gentle and harmless.
But after Mu Zhengming's death,
he quickly rallied Elder Qiu's faction,
stormed the Bliss Palace.
He nearly killed the Chief.
That was just over a year ago.
Anyone
who endured what he did
would have fallen into the abyss.
But he clawed his way out of hell.
It proves
he has something to rely on.
I don't care what he's relying on.
Like I said,
if he comes,
he dies.
They've already taken
the Qinglong Altar.
Never thought
Mu Qingyan is actually pretty capable.
Nie Zhe is such a useless fool.
Honestly, that's not so bad.
The two sides fight nonstop,
draining each other dry,
losing everything.
Perfect.
Dad.
Right now
the demon sect is tearing itself apart.
Why don't we sneak into
the Hanhai Mountains
and wipe them out in one fell swoop?
Lingbo, you're valiant.
Yuzhi.
Master.
What's your take on this?
The Nie clan has held the demon sect
for decades.
Nie Zhe is backed by
Nie Hengcheng's old followers.
His foundation is solid.
Mu Qingyan may have seized
the Qinglong Altar,
but the scale of their internal strife
remains unknown.
Until we get definite news,
I think
we should not act rashly.
That makes sense.
The Qinglong Altar,
though the gateway of the demon sect,
is weak in strength
and cannot stand alone.
If Nie Zhe strikes with
overwhelming force,
the Mu clan
will likely be wiped out.
And you guys
don't just focus on
martial training all day.
Take some time to
read more books like Yuzhi.
Zhao,
come walk with me.
Zhao.
I promised your aunt
that as long as I live,
I will keep you safe.
This time, I was trapped by a villain,
leaving you to go down
the mountain alone to find medicine.
I have
failed your aunt.
She would never be angry with you.
You are her closest
and most trusted.
Closer than Uncle Zhou,
closer than my parents.
Your bond is steadfast, like kin.
Mom's always been jealous of it.
Besides,
if Master hadn't gone to
Luoying Valley every year
to heal her and sustain her life,
wasting your inner power,
how could you have been tricked
by villains so easily?
What's the use of going every year?
Your aunt...
still left in the end.
Master.
Have you forgotten what aunt said?
People come and go.
It's all fate.
No need to grieve.
I understand.
There's something I must ask you.
About Chang Ning.
Do you know where he went?
He said he's tired of Jianghu,
and retired to live as a wealthy man.
Zhao,
you're
pure-hearted,
and loyal to your loved ones.
I don't oppose that,
but the heart of man is unfathomable.
It's hard to tell friend from foe.
From now on,
you must not leave the sect
without permission.
Don't make your parents worry about you.
And,
don't mind I'm nagging.
I'm just scared
I can't protect you.
Scared you'll end up like your aunt,
stubborn and gone forever.
The struggle has lasted for 100 years,
causing countless blood feuds.
One wrong step
can lead to eternal damnation.
Do you understand?
I do.
Come.
Has Master guessed
Chang Ning's identity?
Fine, I won't meddle.
I'm busy right now.
My Golden Silk Armor is launching soon.
I have to manage the shops
and contact buyers.
(Zhao.)
(Have you been well?)
(Dad came back and said)
(Ning has left.)
(Where did he go?)
(I'm so worried about him.)
(How is his wound now?)
(I only eat vegetarian food
at Grandma's home.)
(I feel like I'm turning into a sheep.)
(I really crave Ning's wontons.)
(The taste still lingers on my lips.)
(My mouth is watering.)
(Where else can I find wontons
that delicious?)
(I should have made him
write down the recipe.)
♪You come to my dreams again♪
♪On this cold day, drunk with wine♪
♪Life shifts, a thousand faces pass by♪
♪Yet I never forget yours♪
♪Beneath the stars,
I await the rising sun♪
♪Across rivers and mountains,
I roam free and wide♪
♪All the youth and bliss simply
could be boiled down to a toast♪
♪Ten years of turmoil and sorrow
only could be lit up with a lamp♪
♪Life passes in a blink♪
♪Years grow long,
yet simple joys grow few♪
♪Too many days lost♪
♪How many lovers♪
♪Once stood side by side
through hardships♪
♪In the end♪
I once promised Ning I'd protect you.
Never let you face this alone,
or let you seek revenge.
Now I'm afraid
I have to break that promise.
Zhao, rest assured.
I will avenge the Chang Fort.
Avenge my father.
Avenge myself.
Once I return to the Li Sect,
I will tear Nie Zhe
and the Demonic Camp
limb from limb.
♪For you, I guard the fading lamp♪
You didn't leave.
The Smiley spilled everywhere.
You owe me a new pouch.
The Snow Mountain is at least
a thousand li from here.
Even if you ride nonstop,
no food, no rest,
it'll take you dozens of days
to get there.
Why not take my Golden Peng?
You'll arrive in two days.
You rascal.
You're alive.
You were waiting for me.
How could I dare die?
Mr. Mu!
Mr. Mu.
This place of yours
was so hard for me to find.
If someone hadn't led the way outside,
I would have...
I would have never
seen you again, Mr. Mu.
My father loved peace,
hated being disturbed.
So he set up a Deadly Formation
outside the Carefree.
Does that mean I
can't gaze upon Mr. Mu's face every day,
and hear your teachings?
I can have someone teach you
how to break the formation.
Thank you, Mr. Mu.
What have you found?
All altars and strongholds
are sealed off.
No one in, only out.
Fearing I'd alert the enemy
and ruin your grand plan, Mr. Mu,
I haven't found where the corpse slaves
are being forged yet.
Keep investigating.
Yes.
Mr. Mu.
Can he be trusted?
Trust doesn't matter.
As long as he's useful to me.
(He hasn't killed Nie Zhe yet.)
(His vengeance remains unavenged.)
(So he surely won't die.)
Zhao!
Zhao.
I've found 30 shops.
Once the Golden Silk Soft Armor
hits the market, it'll stun the Jianghu.
It'll spread everywhere.
Good. With Xingjia handling it,
I'm at ease.
Zhao.
You've seemed troubled
these past few days.
I can't help but feel uneasy.
What makes you uneasy?
There was a fluffy little duckling.
Cute-looking.
But with a terrible temper.
After I raised it for a while,
I realized it wasn't a duckling at all.
It was a proud white goose.
Fine, it was a goose.
But he insists on
venturing into the world.
I'm a bit uneasy about it.
I fear he might get caught and roasted.
You...
Don't tell me you're eyeing Master Lei's
ducks.
Please, don't.
If you touch Master Lei's ducks,
he'll kill you.
Zhao!
I'll buy you one tomorrow!
Don't do anything impulsive!
Hold out your hand.
Uncle Lei,
I've fully recovered already.
No need for any more
follow-ups now, right?
Who are you worried about?
Uncle Lei,
you're truly extraordinary.
I'm worried anyone could sense it.
Your pulse is thin and taut.
Dark circles beneath the eyes.
Restless through the night.
Too troubled to sleep.
You're worried about Chang Ning, right?
He's down the mountain
feasting and drinking richly.
Why should I worry about him?
Feasting and drinking richly.
That boy has a hard fate.
One day he might die somewhere,
with no one knowing.
What do you mean?
What do you mean "die somewhere"?
The poison in his body
wasn't completely removed.
But his martial arts and inner power
have all recovered, haven't they?
By reason,
the poison shouldn't be
severe now, right?
It's not that it isn't severe.
But it's quite severe.
Incurable.
He looked perfectly fine,
and fought harder than me.
Uncle Lei,
they say you're the greatest
Divine Healer in the world.
Isn't there any way
to cure his injury?
The impurities in his vital energy
and viscera have been drawn out,
but beneath the meridians,
a strange poison still lingers.
One I've never seen in my life.
Even with all my
acupuncture and medicine,
there's no cure.
I've warned him countless times before.
If one day he were gravely wounded,
or pushed his inner force too far,
his meridians might rupture
and claim his life.
That fool…
He's always trying to be tough.
Perhaps he himself
knows his days are numbered,
and he's set on revenge,
so he left alone and resolute.
You two were together day and night
and you never noticed anything?
I'll never let anyone
lock me up again.
Maybe it won't be long
before you're relieved of your worry.
Uncle Lei,
how much longer can he live?
He's barely sustained
by medicine right now.
Maybe a few years.
Maybe a few months.
I originally
prepared a medicinal incense for him
which could save his life
in a pinch.
It's a pity...
He's already gone.
You don't have to worry anymore.
Your master is entering seclusion again.
I've prepared some medicinal herbs.
Please help me deliver them.
(Chang Ning)
By reason,
the poison shouldn't be
severe now, right?
It's not that it isn't severe.
But it's quite severe.
Incurable.
One day he might die somewhere,
with no one knowing.
Young Master said
he can't let you
be alone and helpless outside,
can't let you risk your life
at the Snow Mountain by yourself.
I am already a dying man.
If I live and can't avenge,
I might as well die.
(Chang Ning)
Just bring him some medicine.
I'll never expose my identity.
If he's missing
this life-saving medicine,
fails to avenge
and dies with regret,
that petty man will surely
become a vengeful ghost
and haunt me every day,
saying I'm ungrateful.
Zhao.
Yuzhi.
It's getting late.
Whatever it is, let's talk tomorrow.
I need to rest now.
So you've truly made up your mind
to go to the demon sect?
Yuzhi, mind your words.
I'm a disciple of a righteous sect.
Why would I ever go to the demon sect?
You're going to find Chang Ning,
and Chang Ning is Mr. Mu.
You managed to get the saliva
so easily last time,
surely his help had something
to do with it, right?
Luoying Valley never forgets kindness.
If he were safe and sound,
it would be fine,
but now he's at death's door.
You must be going to repay his favor.
I suppose
you've even packed your things.
(Chang Ning)
Yuzhi, if you want to snitch on me,
then let's settle it with a duel.
I'm going with you.
Last time, I was healing,
forcing you to risk your life alone.
This time I ought to go with you,
to protect you.
Besides,
I need to borrow the Jade Sunflower
from Mr. Mu.
No, no.
If you go with me,
Lingbo will definitely hunt me down.
I'll get the Jade Sunflower for you.
Do you know how to
get to the Youming Path?
This is a route map I found
by looking through ancient texts.
It can help you avoid
many eerie caves along the way.
(Youming Path)
Straight to demon sect.
(Yichou)
Yichou?
This map is from sixteen years ago.
Can it still be accurate?
I'll cover all expenses.
No need.
I still have some savings of my own.
The defense of Qingque Sect
will also be my responsibility.
If I don't go with you,
you won't even
get past the Thousandfold Cliff.
Besides,
with me by your side,
you won't be accused of
colluding with the demon sect.
Then if I go with you,
I won't be accused of that?
You won't.
Why?
Right.
They'll only suspect me,
never you.
Comparing people
only breeds frustration.
No time to waste.
Let's set out now.
Milady, Yuzhi!
You can't elope!
(Lunar Gleam)
Elope?
Why would you elope?
Exactly.
Do I look that idle?
Milady.
If it's not eloping,
then why is a man and a woman
alone on a bed late at night,
plotting to go down the mountain?
Ning is in trouble down the mountain.
We're planning to go help him.
Then why not tell Master directly
and ask for his help?
Master's old wound hasn't healed.
Things on the mountain
have only just calmed down.
We don't want to trouble his mind.
Besides…
Chang Fort has shown great kindness
to our Luoying Valley.
How could we turn a blind eye?
Milady.
Go and come back quickly.
Rest assured.
I'll come back as soon as I'm done.
Wait, don't go yet.
Can you tell me the truth?
Are you heading to the demon sect?
Though the demon sect is in turmoil now,
it's still not easy to sneak in.
Go persuade Chang,
tell him not to be in such a hurry
to take revenge.
I'll pass on Xingjia's words
to Chang.
Yuzhi,
you can set out with Zhao at ease.
Xiaolan and I will handle things here.
Zhao,
where are we going?
Hanhai Mountains are on the other side.
Come with me to meet someone first.
He must have the latest route map.
Alright.
The Young Master
ordered me to wait here,
so that Miss Cai wouldn't
venture into danger.
Hanhai Mountains are perilous now.
I cannot risk
handing over the route map.
Mu Qingyan already knows
I plan to descend the mountain?
How is he lately?
The Young Master
is masterminding everything.
He's doing fine.
Sir.
What's the current situation
in the Li Sect?
Miss Cai.
Who is he?
This is my Third Senior Brother.
Song Yuzhi.
Mr. Pig?
Song Yuzhi, surname Song.
Everyone in the Li Sect
serves under the Young Master.
All is well there.
Mr. Pig.
Have some tea.
He's
Mr. Song.
The Hanhai Mountains
stretch for a thousand li.
Filled with countless traps.
Without a guide,
you'll never make it into the Li Sect.
Please leave after you finish your tea.
Mu Qingyan promised to
take responsibility for me.
Now he's turning his back on me?
Take...
Such a big matter.
I'm just a servant,
I can't make that call.
When the Young Master secures his place,
he will surely give you an explanation.
I has other business,
so I'll take my leave now.
Even making wontons
counts as taking responsibility.
I'm not lying.
Zhao.
Look.
Could it be a route map?
A safety talisman?
We can't just come here for nothing.
Mu Qingyan!
You chose to come back
and die on your own.
Chief ordered us to fulfill your wish.
Mr. Mu.
Chief is merciful.
Why not
end the hostility and make peace?
Let's talk it over.
Master You,
you wanted to gaze upon my face,
and hear my teachings.
Why bring so many people here?
To listen together?
Master You,
I'll give you a chance
to redeem yourself.
Go take down that man named Mu.
I'll commend you to the strategist.
Kill him!
Go!
Master You, do you want to save Xing?
=Generation to Generation=
♪The breeze is gentle,
and spring is fair♪
♪I roam the rivers and hills
in the martial world♪
♪With a shining cup,
I drink with delight tonight♪
♪Free to wander in the world♪
♪I drink with the breeze,
lost in my dreams♪
♪I rest beneath the stars' soft gleam♪
♪The night is calm, still as a stream♪
♪It washes away all judgment and scheme♪
♪I drink with the breeze,
lost in my dreams♪
♪I hold the bright moon
as I return home♪
♪I freely roam in the world♪
♪All I ask is that you go with me♪
♪I drink with the breeze,
lost in my dreams♪
♪I hold the bright moon
as I return home♪
♪I freely roam in the world♪
♪All I ask is that you go with me♪